Airflow integration (#1412)
deepchecks/deepchecks: examples/integrations/airflow/README.rst

Deepchecks Airflow Integration
==============================

This directory contains the implementation of the Airflow integration. It is not

> intended to be used directly, but rather to be used as a reference for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
intended to be used as-is, but rather to serve as a reference for
```
